HINDERENCE:
1.W
SOME IMPORTANT SKILLS:
1.STAY HAPPY ALWAYS
2.
TO HAVE A GOOD TIME IN OFFICE YOU HAVE TO STAY FREE FROM ALL TYPE OF WORRIED....


cause of bad office experience is weak relationship:
1.jealousness within me.
2.my thiking of other dislike me for having weak relationship

Solution:
1.ask for tasks.
2.communicate with rashed vai,tugril, saiful etc.

Problem: you are apart from your department.
want: want to have a good relation.
Stressor:
1.weak relation
2.no task

process of easy with the deparment

ask question=>feel the communication=>if ignor more always=>ask for more task=> if not given, prepare to swift the department

how to overcome fear of rejection?

Goal of communication:
1.prove to you that you can.

step 1.reduce melancholy
step 2.overcome fear of rejection by asking question.
step 3.ask for more work.

ideal: free from fear.

BOTTOLNECK:
IF PICK UP THE UMBRELLA=>
CHALLANGE:
1.RELATION
2.UNDERSTANDE THE PROCESS

way of speak:
1.ask for task.
2.morning
3.get together for meal
4.query any question

CHALLANGE:
RELATIONSHIP WITH COLLEAGE
are you doing well?=>no=>why you think you are not doing well?=>you are doing smv,production report=>lack of connection?
connection means?
rashed,saiful feel easy to speak with you and you feel same to them.
adjust=>feel connection=>feel easy to communicate=>
way to increase sal:
contribution=>how=>

target:
happy and forpora mind.

cause of problem in office:
1.sound sleep

office visualization: 
  you conversates with rashed,saiful with cheer mind. you communicate with them with cheer face. you able to maintain the cheer face and feeling consistently. they are also feel happy. see their cheer face. you feel the conversation.
  

Communication barrier:
keep your mind free from saiful's jealousy...

normal office day:
feel happy and excitement. feel easy to in and out in planning room when question arise in mind. have easy relation with rashed,boss,saiful,estiyak.

barrier in easy relation:
1.if face will be gloomy.

what may happend if i get up from set and enter canteen?

what you think other think about you in office?
=>bissionno
=>vito

does your boss like you?
no.
why?
bosataki ajonno.
lack of quericity and movement.

when your boss like you?
=>when you feel confident.when you communicate with your planning colleage.

1.Create enjoyment.

STRENGHT:


CHALLANGE:
feel ok enough to speak with colleage with laugh
peoples OPOINION AGAINST MY OPOINION IN CONVERSATION MAKE ME DISHARTED AND AGITATING.
win people"s heart.
negative evaluation of your performance.

i try to avoid colleage(clifton) in fear of opening up my melancholy feelings, if i can't maintain enthusism in conversation.

mood off is the main botleneck in maintaining relation in office
barrier in relation with colleage in office what if neglect or deny.


PRACTICS:
NARTURE THE FEELING OR GUT OF I WILL DO IT WHATEVER MY OPONENT WANT OF ME....

you enjoy the job when you able to think asking question from other is an opportunity to build relation or to express yourself...

make your happiness independent of other spechies..

visualize overcoming all fear regarding walking in office,talking to saiful(clifton) and gathering, talking to colleage,talking for work etc.

Headace:
my mother asked whether saju mama send money. arise tension whether i able to increase my salary. lack of confidence in my performance.arise melancholy. why think you can't able to increase your salary because i feel low or melancholy in office.


WANT: I want to feel happy. i want to engage with other colleage. but i can't is the reason for my melanchole.in nutshell, deviation in expectation and actual is the main cause of melanchole. more clearly my performance expection and my actual performance in office create dessatisfaction and frustration.


03.07.2021
i can abled to ignore boss's scold with smile like "heta basi kabil" etc.

Interest:
i have interest to noksa, puzzle.


